what's up guys so if you guys were
curious about how gaming works on cheap
Android tablets first off for them to
get into the specs of this at least take
Syrio seven it has a one gigahertz
processor 512 round and runs Android 4.1
jelly bean so if you want to get into
the cheap internet market you want to
buy cheap Android tablet and you're
curious about how gaming actually works
on here and if you can play games at all
well this video hopefully it'll help you
the specs Barry this is a $40 tablet so
the specs vary for the minimum I think
this is the minimum so one gigahertz
plateau of RAM is pretty much the
minimum you can get so we're gonna see
how well this thing handles gaming so
let's go ahead and get started alright
so the first game we're gonna test is
Angry Birds Star Wars 2 that's a fairly
low graphic intense game so should have
any problem running this then jelly
beans are probably the biggest thing
that helped this guy run so smooth
due to project butter
okay so pretty smooth
Oh brothels try something a little bit
more graphic intense we got Sonic to
I can see the China so it's playing this
a pretty pretty great frame race so farm
don't see any lag or stutter
and I have no clue how to play this
freaking game there is tablet to the
camera it was a little hard what's up
okay that's pretty cool
what okay so you get the gist of it not
gonna spin and now we're playing that
but you get the gist of it so our last
game will be something really graphic
intense in my opinion is dead trigger
and I've also tested Real Racing 3 I
just deleted it because I took up a lot
of space but it plays it you can play it
but it doesn't play that decent favor
and since the only game that kind of
stutters a little bit can skip this
all right so let's see if it'll play
dead trigger so how well it'll play it
and so far it's playing a fairly smooth
don't see any stuttering anything like
that so it's playing this game fairly
smooth and yeah guys so very surprised
with this tablet it's actually uh can
actually do some gaming so that's pretty
much it be sure to subscribe for more
videos and obviously guys the next video
peace